# Assignment 9 

- Use the Faker (Links to an external site.)library to get 10000 random profiles. Using namedtuple, calculate the largest blood type, mean-current_location, oldest_person_age, and average age (add proper doc-strings).
- Do the same thing above using a dictionary. Prove that namedtuple is faster. - 250
- Create fake data (you can use Faker for company names) for imaginary stock exchange for top 100 companies (name, symbol, open, high, close). Assign a random weight to all the companies. Calculate and show what value the stock market started at, what was the highest value during the day, and where did it end. Make sure your open, high, close are not totally random. You can only use namedtuple.

# Solution - session_9.py
### **GenerateProfiles : Class**
The `GenerateProfiles` class generates profiles using the faker dataset. It contains two class methods - `get_profile_dict` , which returns the profiles as a list of dictionaries, and `get_profiles_tup`, which returns the profiles as a list of namedtuples.

### **calculate_stats_namedtuple : Function**

The calculate_stats_namedtuple function accepts a list of namedtuples and returns the largest blood type , mean location and avearge age of all the profiles.

### **calculate_stats_dict : Function**

The calculate_stats_dictfunction accepts a list of dictionaries and returns the largest blood type , mean location and avearge age of all the profiles.

### **generate_fake_data_stock_market**

This function generates the fake stock market data for the third problem. Company name is generated using the `Faker` library, while the company weight is assigned randomly. For the 3rd problem, 100 such stock profiles are created, and each stock has 50 price readings throughout the day. 

The stock price is generated by picking a random number between 50 and 5000, and all the subsequent price points are created by multipling the previous value by a random value between 0.98 and 1.02. 


### **calculate_stock_market_value : Function**

This function calculates the stock market index value at each of the 50 discrete price values for the day. The value is calculated by multiplying the value of a stock at time instance `t` with it's corresponding weight and summing them up for all stocks. From the 50 values so obtained, the max, open and close value of the index is returned.


